nice guy and the nice guy fell and
escape to give her only one judge understood
bad
We greet 13 remo absolutely audi
r8 the great skill with the feel
most quoted in the political district
own the death of us international e
and glenn ford precision back of
new in belgium for belgian tonight
so far changed face and songs e
draws at the circuit spa france fan font
ports of Ancona and we are in the mode
career that I am old-fashioned la
career are second to second
career i don't know why career
total is divided into more
careers that is in more type of vision of
types of cars substantially now
we are with the type with the mini with the
modern mini then all 500 ford
ford focus
we have rs but it is the ds3 sport
so I 've got only this 500 more
looked at the gloomy neighborhood ca
German summer tour at the
deutsche bahn amauri to the ass to all e
ostriches
then guys to the action and we are the
six hundred then accession
hold on tight and go to a pay er
ass everyone the others to the fight
then
pleasure west ringing because it comes
on towards shit
we are 11 out of 16 we must arrive
first for fucking strength
my mom how you came into the curve
reaffirm me I am more 4 of the neighborhood
true
at heart a model of good pace
mortacci yours
I did the Christ then so this
as a pilot it costs focus to stronzo daje
daje didn't change gear tonight
where it remains revving and ok, oh well but
brakes a little more various grandfather from me and
doing is true because I was a grandfather like I was
a madman on the machines however this is a
another speech
but her asshole made me anna me
made one on the grass for a slamming sleep
issued another cell
the 500 flagship of the neighborhood then
we are fifth we must arrive first and
they are not fucking tomorrow it goes first
ok good curve excellent curve curve indeed
perfect tension takes its wake and
pass passes to the fourth position la frax
struggle for gold
and from a frenzy there been passed
on the curbs
the third one is approaching who will take the cia
puts on rs takes the lead
overtaking bobo inside let's remember that
who is inside is always right and
therefore it is in second position
in front of only the first one who is in
colony hope to postpone it because if
no if they shoot at a jerk because
the other one we leave alone because always
have a jerk back then
no I am used to bothering the bitch
with this one here
Holy shit I knew where you made yourself
fucking tiny mistake anyway
you can I took my hand a little but me
I absolutely have to buy the steering wheel
because I think I'm playing with the steering wheel
that is to say both in technical Africa then when
I will buy the playstation 4 I do
also there is also great tourism 6
that ethical type is also the steering wheel that is
between we cut nothing the first is
attainable
oh well we understand that the first one is not
we will never take
but in the meantime we got closer to the
second from yahoo but that from yo but slut
bitch but to me it looks like a panda from 98 is
what does not walk there is no answer to
pedal what you were at 308 faster
we must have three minutes for it
recover it i think shit at first
position as far as the second is between me
I picked up a couple of curves and up
that there should be no problems yes
step is lost on the curbs as well
fag
then then
let the fucking liotta fight you
helped by a book go and do it
good curve you mother I 'm too strong
we are ok we have recovered almost two
seconds of lap time and let's go
go on like this maybe we'll get another one
few seconds of turning from iowa
how they run that art always 500
of shit that does not fall off tartu you do not
it breaks down more than braking that curve or mine
god will invite me to the perfect group
I'm Don Francini is coming to follow
the second approaches the second
we have recovered three seconds and 6 e
as good as what we also have
two seconds we have taken them
where where you go piece of shit I'll take you back
no but no no no no oh well okay go
on the road after no it's okay to stop
that is, no mention can be made of the sifel of the
madonna no later than the madonna still with
the curbs of it the memory of infront
and gera i fuck you mayor day like
fucking call bad fears
fucking the second here is not good
no good our xvi will be fine now
you have to make perfect curves
you do not perfect curves
on the grass ghost tracks I smoked after night
but not on the grass
with alessia good it is not perfect but it is
good excellent
so perfect 1
give me money where i am
my money fell, third came
well the same as the championship
nothing marks it anyway like gold then
okay at least I wanted to come with
where we shot them three seconds e
not joking
however, he leaves runs like hell
vintage cock we open edition is
impossible to see it from my mom but
as i'm going girls stop me
the last piece was born epic sin for
that fucking messy shit
we could change the fate of the race
now that he cared for nothing
sin sin sin we are third
we are classified third parties for
case oh well
soon nice to finance thing
ok so no ragazzuoli was I wanted
bring you a video on motorsport strength vi
please let me see that you like strength
motorsport because I would like to do it
video above however i also have to see that
you like them so here too
I ask 2,500 likes we feel at the
next gay video chat